All right so you've completed the modern age HD Clancy CSX from the beginning course.
First off I just want to say congratulations this wasn't a short course and making it all the way through
is a real accomplishment.
So I really hope you enjoy that.
I hope you learned a lot from it and I just want to thank you for taking it and taking any other courses
or tutorials that you've watched of mine.
So the question is what now.
What do you do next.
Now you have a decent understanding of each team LCROSS SAS along with some of the basic principles
of how Web sites work deployment and so on.
So my advice would be to build a few projects based on what you've learned to look at some examples
of other Web sites or other Web site themes and try to rebuild them without looking at any of the source
code you want to you know use stuff that you've learned in this course.
Go go look at documentation look at other tutorials maybe some other courses if you want to do something
completely custom and create a mock up in photoshop or some other program and then write out the each
team on CSX.
That's even better.
I would also suggest learning javascript that's probably the most logical next step.
You want to get some programming under your belt and Javascript is great because it's just everywhere
it runs in the browser.
It runs on the server.
There's mobile apps built with JavaScript.
It's just a great language to learn.
And I think that every web developer needs to know at least the basics of Javascript.
I do have a 21 hour course on udemy called Modern javascript from the beginning.
Now you might want to learn something like bootstrap which is a CSX framework it makes creating Web
sites and user interfaces much easier because it's predefined styles predefined classes.
However you want to make sure you customize your your projects if you do use a framework.
Because a lot of them can start to look the same.
So just keep that in mind but you may find it useful.
It can speed things up and it's great for prototyping.
If you're going to learn you know web application development so other than that I would say you know
code every day.
Try to stay driven and passionate.
Try new things.
And if this is what you really want to do as long as you put your all into it you're going to get to
where you want to be.
So that's it.
Again thank you for taking the course and hopefully I'll see you in the next one.